##Supermarket Pricing Kata

Essentially, I read this kata's problem domain as explaining a general system/mindset for pricing items while still being able to make a profit; keeping track of cost vs. price with discounts thrown in is vital. With a system like this, you (the supermarket) need to be able to price your items higher than what they cost you, regardless of the discount you apply.  Ideally, you want to be able to apply discounts that don't sacrifice any profit, but sometimes you do need to have significant discounts in order to give a ridiculous incentive (food is old and needs to be sold soon, trying to clear out stock, etc.).  With the ideal discount, it's kind of like tricking the customer into thinking they're getting a deal, when it's literally costing you nothing as the seller.  
For example, if I want to ideally sell 3 candy bars for $1 per bar, because I bought the bars for $.50 a bar, I can set a "discount" of buy two, get one free where the price of 2 candy bars is $3.  Despite the customer getting  "free" third candy bar, I'm still selling the bars at a net price of $1 per bar, with the first two bars being higher in price to compensate for the third bar being free.  

However, sometimes you might need to sacrfice profit in order to sell an item more quickly, therefore making the discount larger for the customers.  With the candy bar example, I can have the price of the buy 2 get 1 free be $2.25 (essentially $.75 a bar) and still make $.25 of profit per bar because I bought it for $.50 at the start.  

Obviously, this system depends a lot on what you're selling and how much you're expecting to sell, so discounts/deals need to be placed thoughtfully in order to properly incentivize customers to buy that extra bit to save money.  Having a buy 2 get 1 free for something like ounces of burger meat might not be the proper deal to have from a vendor's standpoint.  It might make more sense to have a slight discount when they get up to a pound of meat, all the while making the individual ounces of meat before that point cost more to compensate for the discount, as well as incentivize the customer to buy a full pound.  